Add Working Group List (#221)
Qiskit/openqasm: WG.md

# OpenQASM Working Groups

> As outlined in the OpenQASM governance document (ADD LINK HERE), the Technical Steering Committee (TSC)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As outlined in the OpenQASM [governance document](governance.md), the Technical Steering Committee (TSC)
```
